Components: Add README for layout related components (#24804)
Automattic/jetpack: projects/js-packages/components/components/layout/use-breakpoint-match/README.md

# useBreakpointMatch

Utility to match against breakpoints.

[ Storybook Reference ](https://automattic.github.io/jetpack-storybook/?path=/story/js-packages-components-layout--breakpoint-match)

## Usage

```jsx
import { useBreakpointMatch } from '@automattic/jetpack-components';
const [ isLg ] = useBreakpointMatch('lg')
return isLg && <Component />
```

## Parameters

### breakpointToMatch

Single or Array of breakpoints to match against.

- Type: `String`|`Array<String>`
- Required: `true`

```javascript
useBreakpointMatch('lg');
useBreakpointMatch([ 'lg', 'sm' ]);
```

### operator

> An Single or Array of operator to match less, equal or greater than breakpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Single or Array of operators to match less, equal, or greater than the breakpoint.
```

> In Array, it match against the same index from breakpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Array, it matches against the same index from breakpoint.
```
